[v9.3.x] docs: update use dashboards descriptions (#69491)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/use-dashboards/index.md

The dashboard user interface provides a number of features that you can use to customize the presentation of your data.

> The following image and descriptions highlight all dashboard features.
> 
> {{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/dashboards/screenshot-dashboard-annotated-9-5-0.png" width="700px" >}}
> 
> - (1) **Grafana home**: Click **Home** in the breadcrumb to be redirected to the home page configured in the Grafana instance.
> - (2) **Dashboard title**: When you click the dashboard title, you can search for dashboards contained in the current folder.
> - (3) **Share dashboard or panel**: Use this option to share the current dashboard or panel using a link or snapshot. You can also export the dashboard definition from the share modal.
> - (4) **Add**: Use this option to add a panel, dashboard row, or library panel to the current dashboard.
> - (5) **Save dashboard**: Click to save changes to your dashboard.
> - (6) **Dashboard insights**: Click to view analytics about your dashboard including information about users, activity, query counts. Learn more about [dashboard analytics]({{< relref "../assess-dashboard-usage/" >}}).
> - (7) **Dashboard settings**: Use this option to change dashboard name, folder, and tags and manage variables and annotation queries. Learn more about [dashboard settings]({{< relref "../build-dashboards/modify-dashboard-settings/" >}}).
> - (8) **Time picker dropdown**: Click to select relative time range options and set custom absolute time ranges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following image and descriptions highlight all dashboard features.

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/v91/dashboard-features/dashboard-features.png" width="700px" >}}

- (1) **Grafana home**: Click the Grafana home icon to be redirected to the home page configured in the Grafana instance.
- (2) **Dashboard title**: When you click the dashboard title, you can search for dashboards contained in the current folder.
- (3) **Share dashboard**: Use this option to share the current dashboard using a link or snapshot. You can also export the dashboard definition from the share modal.
- (4) **Add a new panel**: Use this option to add a panel, dashboard row, or library panel to the current dashboard.
- (5) **Dashboard settings**: Use this option to change dashboard name, folder, and tags and manage variables and annotation queries. For more information about dashboard settings, refer to [Modify dashboard settings]({{< relref "../build-dashboards/modify-dashboard-settings/" >}}).
- (6) **Time picker dropdown**: Click to select relative time range options and set custom absolute time ranges.
```

  - You can change the **Timezone** and **fiscal year** settings from the time range controls by clicking the **Change time settings** button.
  - Time settings are saved on a per-dashboard basis.

> - (9) **Zoom out time range**: Click to zoom out the time range. Learn more about how to use [common time range controls]({{< relref "#common-time-range-controls" >}}).
> - (10) **Refresh dashboard**: Click to immediately trigger queries and refresh dashboard data.
> - (11) **Refresh dashboard time interval**: Click to select a dashboard auto refresh time interval.
> - (12) **View mode**: Click to display the dashboard on a large screen such as a TV or a kiosk. View mode hides irrelevant information such as navigation menus. Learn more about view mode in our [How to Create Kiosks to Display Dashboards on a TV blog post](https://grafana.com/blog/2019/05/02/grafana-tutorial-how-to-create-kiosks-to-display-dashboards-on-a-tv/).
> - (13) **Dashboard panel**: The primary building block of a dashboard is the panel. To add a new panel, dashboard row, or library panel, click **Add panel**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (7) **Zoom out time range**: Click to zoom out the time range. For more information about how to use time range controls, refer to [Common time range controls]({{< relref "#common-time-range-controls" >}}).
- (8) **Refresh dashboard**: Click to immediately trigger queries and refresh dashboard data.
- (9) **Refresh dashboard time interval**: Click to select a dashboard auto refresh time interval.
- (10) **View mode**: Click to display the dashboard on a large screen such as a TV or a kiosk. View mode hides irrelevant information such as navigation menus. For more information about view mode, refer to [How to Create Kiosks to Display Dashboards on a TV](https://grafana.com/blog/2019/05/02/grafana-tutorial-how-to-create-kiosks-to-display-dashboards-on-a-tv/).
- (11) **Dashboard panel**: The primary building block of a dashboard is the panel. To add a new panel, dashboard row, or library panel, click **Add panel**.
```

  - Library panels can be shared among many dashboards.
  - To move a panel, drag the panel header to another location.
  - To resize a panel, click and drag the lower right corner of the panel.

> - (14) **Graph legend**: Change series colors, y-axis and series visibility directly from the legend.
> - (15) **Dashboard row**: A dashboard row is a logical divider within a dashboard that groups panels together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (12) **Graph legend**: Change series colors, y-axis and series visibility directly from the legend.
- (13) **Search**: Click **Search** to search for dashboards by name or panel title.
- (14) **Dashboard row**: A dashboard row is a logical divider within a dashboard that groups panels together.
```

| This Year              | `now/Y`     | `now/Y`     |
| Previous fiscal year   | `now-1y/fy` | `now-1y/fy` |

> {{% admonition type="Note" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
```

Click the current time range to change it. You can change the current time using a _relative time range_, such as the last 15 minutes, or an _absolute time range_, such as `2020-05-14 00:00:00 to 2020-05-15 23:59:59`.

> <img class="no-shadow" src="/static/img/docs/time-range-controls/change-current-time-range-7-0.png" max-width="900px">```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img class="no-shadow" src="/static/img/docs/time-range-controls/change-current-time-range-7-0.png" max-width="900px">
```

Click the current time range to change it. You can change the current time using a _relative time range_, such as the last 15 minutes, or an _absolute time range_, such as `2020-05-14 00:00:00 to 2020-05-15 23:59:59`.

> <img class="no-shadow" src="/media/docs/grafana/dashboards/screenshot-change-current-time-range.png" max-width="900px">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img class="no-shadow" src="/static/img/docs/time-range-controls/change-current-time-range-7-0.png" max-width="900px">```
